README.md, before:

1. At first update database with this command in your visual studio > tools > package manager console. [update-database]

2. Then run this query in your sql server management studio.

# for country insert
use Customer_Db
go
insert into Country (CountryName) values
('Bangladesh'),('India'),('USA'),('UK'),('Canada')
go


3. Now run project. Your interface same as this view..
![Home Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217345211-b0a5ac8c-e301-49b2-872a-05dc81235961.PNG)

4. Click this tab...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217345834-ee8e6b4a-50e1-4573-b79c-9934580a7ce9.png)

5. Now you will show your customer page like this page...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217346031-7ee49998-1cca-405c-864c-4be491d38c03.png)

6. Now fill up your customer form like this image...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217346344-edac5c19-7c9d-4d3d-adf2-ccd8cc06997f.png)

7. If you insert multiple address under a customer. Just click Add button and you will see another entry row will show...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217346820-38c422ba-5fd5-45af-b1c9-474f272980c3.png)

8. Now you can save customer data with click Save button and you will show this customer list..
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217347046-461e7bd9-7218-49de-a7f3-8270d03fc90a.png)

9. After save data. You will edit your existing data. Just click your customer name and show fill up the form your existing data.
Now you can edit your customer information. Then click here...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217347780-4729ed59-1c49-42bf-9d09-2dcefbdb3bcc.png)

10. After update your data you can remove your customer data. Just click customer name as same as edit.
When you get your data in customer form. You can remove data by Delete button click...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217348531-1a2c30a1-a085-4964-9d3d-3e49af3d3cca.png)

11. Now your customer is remove your database and your interface is like this image...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217348798-bc8e4cf2-633a-41dd-a543-558329e85e9a.png)

Commit message:

add unit test description code in readme file.

README.md, after:

1. At first update database with this command in your visual studio > tools > package manager console. [update-database]

2. Then run this query in your sql server management studio.

# for country insert
use Customer_Db
go
insert into Country (CountryName) values
('Bangladesh'),('India'),('USA'),('UK'),('Canada')
go


3. Now run project. Your interface same as this view..
![Home Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217345211-b0a5ac8c-e301-49b2-872a-05dc81235961.PNG)

4. Click this tab...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217345834-ee8e6b4a-50e1-4573-b79c-9934580a7ce9.png)

5. Now you will show your customer page like this page...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217346031-7ee49998-1cca-405c-864c-4be491d38c03.png)

6. Now fill up your customer form like this image...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217346344-edac5c19-7c9d-4d3d-adf2-ccd8cc06997f.png)

7. If you insert multiple address under a customer. Just click Add button and you will see another entry row will be here...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217346820-38c422ba-5fd5-45af-b1c9-474f272980c3.png)

8. Now you can save customer data with click Save button and you will see this customer list..
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217347046-461e7bd9-7218-49de-a7f3-8270d03fc90a.png)

9. After save data. You will edit your existing data. Just click your customer name and see fill up the form your existing data.
Now you can edit your customer information. Then click here...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217347780-4729ed59-1c49-42bf-9d09-2dcefbdb3bcc.png)

10. After update your data you can remove your customer data. Just click customer name as same as edit.
When you get your data in customer form. You can remove data by Delete button click...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217348531-1a2c30a1-a085-4964-9d3d-3e49af3d3cca.png)

11. Now your customer is remove your database and your interface is like this image...
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217348798-bc8e4cf2-633a-41dd-a543-558329e85e9a.png)

12. Unit testing--
13. Your visual studio -- 
14. ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217356734-7e2f5fdb-bbcb-48a2-baba-aadc10e531f2.png)
15. Click Run All Tests then you will see 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83389800/217357090-b6cd2596-455e-4a15-93be-d74b26a0300d.png)
